hi there YouTube so I was actually about
to film a thrift store haul I know
everybody and the mother has been
requesting me to do it so I'm going to
and it's going to be a very special one
so if you haven't already seen that
video I will link it here
link it I will forget her um link it
right here so go check that out I'm sure
you're gonna love it it's special and
you'll see why but I figured I my hair
is bugging the absolute living hell out
of me right now so I wanted to put it up
and I nicely curled my bangs and so I
decided that I'm going to be doing my
thingy me my little crown here so I
wanted to show you how I did it and um
sorry I'm like messing with my hair and
like doing it before I even finish my
freaking intro I'll calm down but
basically yeah I want to show you how I
get my milkmaid braids a lot of you guys
have requested me to do it so let's get
started so basically I have my hair it's
quite in its awkward
natural texture right now um actually it
was in a braid and that's why it's all
like this I was just going to leave it
but it's driving me up the wall so um so
basically I like to keep the front
sections of my hair this obviously works
a little bit better if you have some
sort of bang area and essentially I just
take a really um hope you can hear me
crude you know parting like not anything
very difficult make sure it's a parting
all the way to the back I know it's
probably very messy but I don't care so
then you have the two sides parted I
know
very fancy um so basically if this is
literally like the easiest thing ever
you are going to want to take three
parts and you're going to braid and in
case you don't know how to braid I'm
going to show you not try to explain it
but just show you um so you cross over I
tend to like take the front piece first
cross over and then cross over just a
normal braid
and I tend to try to pull it and make
sure it stays kind of behind my ear like
don't pull it too forward and make sure
the sections are pretty even
except I noticed that I've got one like
fatty section but that's okay so and
this definitely takes practice like the
braiding part is easy but putting it on
top of your head part takes practice I a
lot of times have to do it multiple
times before I get it right so this is
not a quick out-the-door hairstyle
unless you get really good at it okay so
you've got it braided to the end
I leave just the tiniest bit of section
left I mean these are just kind of dry
ends that I don't want to deal with so
basically you've got this now I like to
take my finger and kind of push it so
because if you just do this it kind of
ends up weird I like to push it to make
sure you get that nice little loop there
so push it like that and then lay it
over the top of your head and once you
got it kind of position it where you
you're going to want it and I want it
there so take some bobby pins you're
going to need some bobby pins and pin it
in I use blonde bobby pins you can still
see them so it doesn't even matter but I
use bobby pins and I tend to put them
like pin it not at the freight you know
the ends of my hair but more so like in
the actual braid or else it just doesn't
stay very well and I put a few in there
because this is pretty heavy and it
naturally is kind of pulling so yeah so
essentially this is what I have if you
can see so you got that side done pretty
little milkmaid braid there now the
other side so we're at the end put your
finger there and do the nice little loop
and then this one I'm going to want in
front because that just kind of is where
it's going to lay a little bit nicer
what I can see now with this piece of
hair I kind of tuck it under the other
braid and hold it down and more bobby
pins watch I'm gonna just totally like
fail and it's just gonna all come pulled
out and I'm going to gently pull to get
this a little bit larger oh you see be
prepared for that to happen because if
you don't secure it and you start
messing with it like I just did you're
going to pull your braid out this is
just this is a really good tutorial this
is why I do so many tutorials because
I'm just really good at them nothing
ever goes wrong I'm just really talented
hairstylist I'm a really tile tile and
pile and tired talented makeup artist
I'm a really talented fashion designer
slash style I'm just really good at
everything so that's why I do so many
tutorials anyway so I'm going to loosen
this right now
instead of doing it when it's on my head
and I just loosen it by kind of pulling
it apart and then back onto my head and
if you're having trouble I would say pin
it first and then try to tuck the ends
underneath the other braid I'm sorry if
this is like a fail but at least you can
kind of see how I do it because this is
a real thing this is like how I do it
every time and I often do fail multiple
times before I get it right okay and
there you go oh my nose itches that's
how you do the milkmaid braid um so if
you can see milkmaid braid brick you
know curled hair some bright lips I
think this is a really awesome summery
hairstyle you are really I mean it's
cool throughout the day like you're
feeling good
throughout the day so yeah so I hope you
enjoyed this I hope you got a good idea
of how to do this another fun thing you
can do is add some flowers stick some
flowers in you have yourself a little
flower crown without actually having to
buy one I'm going to grab my little
accessory and see if I can do something
with it so I have this one now I wonder
oh I can do this you guys are you ready
for this oh I am so down for this I'm
like super impressed by my like quick my
little idea here catch a hairband and
you're going to make sure it's kind of
tight and lay it where you want it so I
want mine right there and just put into
your hair oh my god why am I so smart
and there you go you have yourself a
flower head crown
I am definitely keeping this on I'm so
happy okay anyway so that is the end of
the tutorial I just totally added on an
extra little hairstyle in here so I hope
you like this this is perfect for summer
um and yeah and you can add any color a
little flower headbands if you have any
or any other kind of hair bands and it
looks really fun with the braids right
there and everything so anyway I hope oh
I just hit that I hope you enjoyed this
little kind of impromptu tutorial if
you'd like to see more little fun things
like this if I can think of any let me
know um yeah I love you guys so much
thank you so much for watching and I
will talk to you soon bye